you're under an iceberg in Antarctica
home to 90% of the world's ice and one
of the coldest climates on earth yet the
life finds a way to thrive here
have you noticed what's under the
iceberg it's a crabeater seal their
blubber can reach up to five centimeters
thick and they may need seek out krill
to eat if you look to the right of the
iceberg you might be able to spot the
Gentoo penguins hunting for krill and
fish have you ever wondered why fish
don't freeze in such cold temperatures
it's all down to a protein in their
blood that works like antifreeze for us
staying warm in these temperatures is
more challenging especially as we move
to the surface the ice fields around you
are located in the Weddell Sea it's
summer but temperatures still reach a
chilling minus 20 degrees centigrade
colder than your freezer and owing to a
lack of rainfall here it's so dry that
Antarctica is technically a desert but
surprisingly this is one of the most
rapidly warming parts of our planet and
whilst it might seem incredibly far away
from most of us the impact of melting
ice here could contribute to sea level
rise globally what are your thoughts on
our warming seas tell us in the comments
below